Here is what replaced the textbook version of Configuring Durability.
Now let's see the Java version.
Here's a DurabilityConfig class in java that retries failed operations with backoff Now let's see the Java version.
Here's a DurabilityConfig class in java that retries failed operations with backoff.
The DurabilityConfig method is where the action happens.
First, we import the org.apache.kafka.clients.admin.AdminClient module.
Now we import the org.apache.kafka.common.serialization.StringSerializer module.
Here we insert the key-value pair into our map.
At this point, we insert the key-value pair into our map.
This is where we call NewTopic() to handle the operation.
we log the output to verify it works.